Veronica Smith AWS Certified DevOps Engineer DevOps engineer with 5+ years of experience in
1234 444 555
Chicago, IL
supporting and automating critical deployments over
big infrastructure. Proficient in Jenkins and AWS
CodeDeploy. Led a team of 10 at Pear Computers
Inc., accelerating the release time by 25%
linkedin.com/in/veronica.smith
github.com/veronica.smith
WORK EXPERIENCE
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Systems Administration:
RedHat, Enterprise Linux, Ubuntu, CentOS, Fedora, LVM, Bash Shell, Ansible.
Cloud Infrastructure:
AWS (laaS, Paas, SaaS, CLI/API, VPS), Auto Scaling. EC2, ELB, EFS, Route 53, and Amazon S3.
DevOps Engineer
Pear Computers Inc.
02/2018 - Present
Achievements
⚫ Updated company codes, automated security systems and cut risk of breaches by 60%.
Designed new architectures within the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) for a lift and shift style move as the first
stage cloud solution. Built services through a combination of Terraform to provision infrastructure, Packer with GCP provisioner, and Ansible to bake the images; all are coordinated with
GitLab. Reduced the monthly costs by $4.000 by removing unnecessary servers and databases.
Was an integral part of the team that improved and
monitored cloud infrastructure on AWS and Jenkins. ⚫ Headed the Agile team that deployed SaaS software with over 1 million users.
Servers:
Apache HTTP Server. Load Balancing & Failover, MySQL, NFS, and Cron (system-wide & individual user).
Networking:
Nagios (Core, XI, Log Server, Fusion), Ping. Teletype Network, Netstat, Address Resolution Protocol.
Containerization:
Swarm, CoreOS'rkt, Portainer, AWS ECR, Marathon, Hashicorp. Docker Swarm and Kubernetes.
DevOps Engineer
Original Software
SOFT SKILLS
02/2015-01/2018 Achievements
Verbal & Written Communication
Flexibility
• Set up and maintained a 99% uptime of a network of 20+ Unix servers.
Time Management
Attention to detail
CERTIFICATES
Used Jenkins to automate build and deployment that reduced human error and sped up production processes.
▸ Successfully created and maintained automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using Jenkins while automating the deployment process, resulting in the elimination of 70% of manual work and escalation of work effciency.
⚫ Managed local deployments in Kubernetes, creating local cluster and applications deployment into containers/kubes.
Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer
Google Cloud Certified - Associate Cloud Engineer
AWS Certification (Architecture and Development)
AWS Certified SysOps Admin - Associate
EDUCATION
Course in Advanced Operations on AWS
Master's in Computer Science University of California, Berkeley
Course in MySQL for Database Administrators